OSDOCS-8387 Porting cloud experts rosaworkshop.io Lab Intro (#69245)
openshift/openshift-docs: cloud_experts_tutorials/cloud-experts-deploying-application/cloud-experts-deploying-application-intro.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="cloud-experts-deploying-application-intro"]
= Tutorial: Deploying an application
include::_attributes/attributes-openshift-dedicated.adoc[]
:context: cloud-experts-deploying-application-intro

toc::[]

//rosaworkshop.io content metadata
//Brought into ROSA product docs 2023-12-14

== Introduction

> After successfully provisioning your cluster, you can deploy an application on it. This application will allow us to become more familiar with some of the features of {product-title} and Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After successfully provisioning your cluster, you can deploy an application on it. This application allows you to become more familiar with some of the features of {product-title} (ROSA) and Kubernetes.
```
I've been changing the first-person plurals when I can to fit more with our normal docs.

=== Lab overview
In this lab, you will complete the following set of tasks designed to help you understand the concepts of deploying and operating container-based applications:

* Deploy a Node.js based app by using S2I and Kubernetes Deployment objects.
* Set up a continuous delivery (CD) pipeline to automatically push source code changes.
* Explore logging.
* Experience self healing of applications.

> * Explore configuration management through configmaps, secrets and environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Explore configuration management through configmaps, secrets, and environment variables.
```

* Use persistent storage to share data across pod restarts.
* Explore networking within Kubernetes and applications.

> * Familiarize yourself with {product-title} and Kubernetes functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Familiarize yourself with ROSA and Kubernetes functionality.
```
The {product-title} spells out ROSA, which we only do once. So after that, we just use ROSA.

> * Automatically scale pods based on load from the Horizontal Pod Autoscaler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Automatically scale pods based on loads from the Horizontal Pod Autoscaler.
```
Alternatively, "the load" would also work, depending on context.

* Use AWS Controllers for Kubernetes (ACK) to deploy and use an S3 bucket.

> You will conduct this lab with either the ROSA CLI or the ROSA web user interface (UI). 

Reviewer 2: I keep bouncing this sentence in my head, and I cannot tell why I don't like it...

Maybe "This workshop lab module (or whatever) uses either the ROSA CLI or the {cluster-manager-url} ROSA UI"?

Author: Yeah, I definitely had issues with this one as well... I will mull it over a bit before we merge this.

> You will conduct this lab with the {product-title} CLI. You can also use the {product-title} web console to complete these tasks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will conduct this lab with either the ROSA CLI or the ROSA web user interface (UI). 
```
